src/content/Sustain/centers-of-expertise/eco-charrette/eco-charrette.md, before:

---
doc_type: sustain_cx_page
carousel_images:
  - ./charrette.jpg
title: Eco-Charrette and Conceptual Modeling

sustain_msc_program_manager_name: Don Johantges
sustain_msc_program_manager_email: Donald.E.Johantges@usace.army.mil

sustain_msc_technical_lead_name: Brandon Martin
sustain_msc_technical_lead_email: Brandon.A.Martin@usace.army.mil

sustain_hq_usace_proponent_name: Eric Mucklow
sustain_hq_usace_proponent_email: Eric.Mucklow@usace.army.mil

sustain_erdc_liaison_name: Annette Stumpf
sustain_erdc_liaison_email: Annette.L.Stumpf@usace.army.mil

file_library_root_path: content/sustain/CX-KR Documents/Eco-Charrette/
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
slug: /sustain/cx/eco-charrette/
---

## About Eco-Charrette and Conceptual Modeling

Welcome to the Charrettes Webpage! Whether called Eco-Charrettes, Sustainability Charrettes, or Energy Charrettes, the goal is to optimize energy conservation and sustainability while balancing function, operation and maintenance, aesthetics, and cost. Project and site specific sustainability measures are researched, analyzed, and discussed collaboratively with the appropriate project stakeholders.

The Eco-Charrette idea may be applied to the planning, project definition, and design phases of a project. During project planning, the Eco-Charrette effort is focused on identifying the features necessary to meet project goals and determining the associated cost in order to obtain the funding required for implementation.

During design phase, the Eco-Charrette is a critical part of the methodology for providing an integrated design and is focused on optimizing the sustainability of the building project within the funding available.

This webpage has been developed to share information regarding Eco-Charrettes. Content will be updated as information becomes available. Check out the Charrette Samples to see some example Eco-Charrette presentations.

Please feel free to share and send any questions or information to Charrettes@usace.army.mil.

## Research & Services

Commit message:

added related links to sustain cx/kr pages

src/content/Sustain/centers-of-expertise/eco-charrette/eco-charrette.md, after:

---
doc_type: sustain_cx_page
carousel_images:
  - ./charrette.jpg
title: Eco-Charrette and Conceptual Modeling

sustain_msc_program_manager_name: Don Johantges
sustain_msc_program_manager_email: Donald.E.Johantges@usace.army.mil

sustain_msc_technical_lead_name: Brandon Martin
sustain_msc_technical_lead_email: Brandon.A.Martin@usace.army.mil

sustain_hq_usace_proponent_name: Eric Mucklow
sustain_hq_usace_proponent_email: Eric.Mucklow@usace.army.mil

sustain_erdc_liaison_name: Annette Stumpf
sustain_erdc_liaison_email: Annette.L.Stumpf@usace.army.mil

file_library_root_path: content/sustain/CX-KR Documents/Eco-Charrette/
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
slug: /sustain/cx/eco-charrette/

related_links:
  - caption: "Best Practices: A Handbook for Planning and Conducting Charrettes for High-Performance Projects. Published by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL), US DoE "
    url: "https://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy09osti/44051.pdf"
---

## About Eco-Charrette and Conceptual Modeling

Welcome to the Charrettes Webpage! Whether called Eco-Charrettes, Sustainability Charrettes, or Energy Charrettes, the goal is to optimize energy conservation and sustainability while balancing function, operation and maintenance, aesthetics, and cost. Project and site specific sustainability measures are researched, analyzed, and discussed collaboratively with the appropriate project stakeholders.

The Eco-Charrette idea may be applied to the planning, project definition, and design phases of a project. During project planning, the Eco-Charrette effort is focused on identifying the features necessary to meet project goals and determining the associated cost in order to obtain the funding required for implementation.

During design phase, the Eco-Charrette is a critical part of the methodology for providing an integrated design and is focused on optimizing the sustainability of the building project within the funding available.

This webpage has been developed to share information regarding Eco-Charrettes. Content will be updated as information becomes available. Check out the Charrette Samples to see some example Eco-Charrette presentations.

Please feel free to share and send any questions or information to Charrettes@usace.army.mil.

## Research & Services
