src/content/cos-facilities/HNC_UAC.md, before:

---
doc_type: facility_page
facility_category_codes:
  - "17878"
facility_cos_short_name: HNC
facility_functional_proponent: G3
facility_long_name: Urban Assault Course
facility_short_name: UAC
facility_technical_poc_email: marcus.j.searles@usace.army.mil
facility_technical_poc_name: Marcus Searles, Bob Hasse
cos_manager_name: Jerry Haley
cos_manager_email: jeremiah.r.haley@usace.army.mil
file_library_root_path: "content/cos/hnc/uac/Library/"
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
slug: /cos/hnc/uac/
carousel_images:
  - /admin/images/uploads/UAC-Layout.jpg
---

## Description

The UAC is used to train individual soldiers, squads, and platoons on tasks necessary to operate within a built-up/urban area. It provides squad- or platoon-size units with a facility to train and evaluate urban operations tasks. With the exception of Station 3, Grenadier Gunnery, the UAC is not intended for live-fire training. Station 3, Grenadier Gunnery Trainer, is designed to support 40-mm TP and 5.56-mm service ammunition. The facility contains the following 5 stations:

- Station 1 - Individual & Team Trainer
- Station 2 - Squad & Platoon Trainer
- Station 3 - Grenadier Gunnery Trainer
- Station 4 - Urban Offense/Defense Trainer
- Station 5 - Underground Trainer

Targetry in Stations 1, 2, and 4 are reactive targets that require power. An control shed is required at Station 3.

## Variations

No variations for this facility standard design.

Commit message:

Removed “Library” documents for these  facilities

src/content/cos-facilities/HNC_UAC.md, after:

---
doc_type: facility_page
facility_category_codes:
  - "17878"
facility_cos_short_name: HNC
facility_functional_proponent: G3
facility_long_name: Urban Assault Course
facility_short_name: UAC
facility_technical_poc_email: marcus.j.searles@usace.army.mil
facility_technical_poc_name: Marcus Searles, Bob Hasse
cos_manager_name: Jerry Haley
cos_manager_email: jeremiah.r.haley@usace.army.mil
//file_library_root_path: "content/cos/hnc/uac/Library/"
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
slug: /cos/hnc/uac/
carousel_images:
  - /admin/images/uploads/UAC-Layout.jpg
---

## Description

The UAC is used to train individual soldiers, squads, and platoons on tasks necessary to operate within a built-up/urban area. It provides squad- or platoon-size units with a facility to train and evaluate urban operations tasks. With the exception of Station 3, Grenadier Gunnery, the UAC is not intended for live-fire training. Station 3, Grenadier Gunnery Trainer, is designed to support 40-mm TP and 5.56-mm service ammunition. The facility contains the following 5 stations:

- Station 1 - Individual & Team Trainer
- Station 2 - Squad & Platoon Trainer
- Station 3 - Grenadier Gunnery Trainer
- Station 4 - Urban Offense/Defense Trainer
- Station 5 - Underground Trainer

Targetry in Stations 1, 2, and 4 are reactive targets that require power. An control shed is required at Station 3.

## Variations

No variations for this facility standard design.

## Library
For design documents and technical support, please contact the COS Manager listed above for more information.
