src/content/cos-facilities/HNC_BCTC.md, before:

---
doc_type: facility_page
carousel_images:
  - /admin/images/uploads/BCTC-Rendering.jpg
facility_category_codes:
  - "17213"
facility_cos_short_name: HNC
facility_functional_proponent: G3
facility_long_name: Battle Command Training Center
facility_short_name: BCTC
facility_technical_poc_email: marcus.j.searles@usace.army.mil
facility_technical_poc_name: Marcus Searles
cos_manager_name: Jerry Haley
cos_manager_email: jeremiah.r.haley@usace.army.mil
file_library_root_path: "content/cos/hnc/bctc/Library/"
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
slug: /cos/hnc/bctc/
---

## Description

A BCTC includes primarily classroom space for multipurpose training and instruction typically conducted by an installation Director of Plans & Training using Government and Contractor staff. These facilities may include: classrooms, multi purpose classrooms/work centers, video teleconferencing centers (VTC), after action review facilities (AAR), secure VTC’s, Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF) or a Top Secret Working Area (TSWA), Network Operations Center (NOC), Simulations and C4I technical Control Areas, general supply and storage, secure storage, compact item electronic maintenance and repair, break areas, latrines, reconfigurable tactical operations center areas (RTOC), and administrative support space.

This is a general and multipurpose facility intended for use by installation Directors of Plans and Training (DPT) training centers of the Active and Reserve components, and combined arms training center in major training areas. These facilities are distinct from organizational classroom areas (17119) associated with battalion headquarters and trainee barracks. This facility is reported also with unit of measure persons (PN). PN refers to the student capacity of the entire facility, which is defined by Army G3 based on total Army training needs. A Spoke or Hub sized facility is determined at Army and MACOM level, the relative size of the standard facility, small, medium or large is likewise determined by Army G3 and MACOMs.

## Variations

No variations for this facility standard design.

Commit message:

Removed “Library” documents for these  facilities

src/content/cos-facilities/HNC_BCTC.md, after:

---
doc_type: facility_page
carousel_images:
  - /admin/images/uploads/BCTC-Rendering.jpg
facility_category_codes:
  - "17213"
facility_cos_short_name: HNC
facility_functional_proponent: G3
facility_long_name: Battle Command Training Center
facility_short_name: BCTC
facility_technical_poc_email: marcus.j.searles@usace.army.mil
facility_technical_poc_name: Marcus Searles
cos_manager_name: Jerry Haley
cos_manager_email: jeremiah.r.haley@usace.army.mil
//file_library_root_path: "content/cos/hnc/bctc/Library/"
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
slug: /cos/hnc/bctc/
---

## Description

A BCTC includes primarily classroom space for multipurpose training and instruction typically conducted by an installation Director of Plans & Training using Government and Contractor staff. These facilities may include: classrooms, multi purpose classrooms/work centers, video teleconferencing centers (VTC), after action review facilities (AAR), secure VTC’s, Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF) or a Top Secret Working Area (TSWA), Network Operations Center (NOC), Simulations and C4I technical Control Areas, general supply and storage, secure storage, compact item electronic maintenance and repair, break areas, latrines, reconfigurable tactical operations center areas (RTOC), and administrative support space.

This is a general and multipurpose facility intended for use by installation Directors of Plans and Training (DPT) training centers of the Active and Reserve components, and combined arms training center in major training areas. These facilities are distinct from organizational classroom areas (17119) associated with battalion headquarters and trainee barracks. This facility is reported also with unit of measure persons (PN). PN refers to the student capacity of the entire facility, which is defined by Army G3 based on total Army training needs. A Spoke or Hub sized facility is determined at Army and MACOM level, the relative size of the standard facility, small, medium or large is likewise determined by Army G3 and MACOMs.

## Variations

No variations for this facility standard design.

## Library
For design documents and technical support, please contact the COS Manager listed above for more information.
