src/content/cos-facilities/HNC_ZERO.md, before:

---
doc_type: facility_page
facility_category_codes:
  - "17801"
facility_cos_short_name: HNC
facility_functional_proponent: G3
facility_long_name: "Basic 10M - 25M Firing Range "
facility_short_name: ZERO
facility_technical_poc_email: marcus.j.searles@usace.army.mil
facility_technical_poc_name: Marcus Searles, Bob Hasse
cos_manager_name: Jerry Haley
cos_manager_email: jeremiah.r.haley@usace.army.mil
file_library_root_path: "content/cos/hnc/zero/Library/"
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
slug: /cos/hnc/zero/
carousel_images:
  - /admin/images/uploads/ZERO-Plan.jpg
---

## Description

A ZERO is used to train individual soldiers on the skills necessary to align the sights and practice basic marksmanship techniques against stationary targets. The range is designed for training Shot-Grouping and Zeroing exercises with the M16 and M4 series rifles as well as crew served machine guns. This range supports night fire operations.

## Variations

No variations for this facility standard design.

Commit message:

Removed “Library” documents for these  facilities

src/content/cos-facilities/HNC_ZERO.md, after:

---
doc_type: facility_page
facility_category_codes:
  - "17801"
facility_cos_short_name: HNC
facility_functional_proponent: G3
facility_long_name: "Basic 10M - 25M Firing Range "
facility_short_name: ZERO
facility_technical_poc_email: marcus.j.searles@usace.army.mil
facility_technical_poc_name: Marcus Searles, Bob Hasse
cos_manager_name: Jerry Haley
cos_manager_email: jeremiah.r.haley@usace.army.mil
//file_library_root_path: "content/cos/hnc/zero/Library/"
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
slug: /cos/hnc/zero/
carousel_images:
  - /admin/images/uploads/ZERO-Plan.jpg
---

## Description

A ZERO is used to train individual soldiers on the skills necessary to align the sights and practice basic marksmanship techniques against stationary targets. The range is designed for training Shot-Grouping and Zeroing exercises with the M16 and M4 series rifles as well as crew served machine guns. This range supports night fire operations.

## Variations

No variations for this facility standard design.

## Library
For design documents and technical support, please contact the COS Manager listed above for more information.
