src/content/cos-facilities/HNC_TSC.md, before:

---
doc_type: facility_page
facility_category_codes:
  - "14129"
facility_cos_short_name: HNC
facility_functional_proponent: G3
facility_long_name: Training Support Center
facility_short_name: TSC
facility_technical_poc_email: marcus.j.searles@usace.army.mil
facility_technical_poc_name: Marcus Searles
cos_manager_name: Jerry Haley
cos_manager_email: jeremiah.r.haley@usace.army.mil
file_library_root_path: "content/cos/hnc/tsc/Library/"
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
slug: /cos/hnc/tsc/
carousel_images:
  - /admin/images/uploads/TSC-BIM-Rendering.jpg
---

## Description

A TSC is used to fabricate, maintain, store, and issue training devices including Multiple Integrated Laser Engagement System (MILES); it also provides the administrative space for the training support division management staff. The standard design layout for the TSC facility includes primarily warehouse space for storage, issue and maintenance of training devices and components. The facility may include: warehousing space, shipping/receiving areas, device fabrication (woodworking and plastics), general item repair, general purpose administrative space, sensitive item storage (arms vaults) multi-purpose classrooms/work centers, break areas, and latrines.
This is a general purpose facility intended for use by installation Directorate of Plans and Training (DPT). The varying components for this facility will be: building occupancy requirements, regional soils and climatic conditions, facility structural considerations, HVAC systems, and the exterior architectural features. Therefore, the overall building design and configurations will vary as required to meet project specific requirements.

## Variations

No variations for this facility standard design.

Commit message:

Removed “Library” documents for these  facilities

src/content/cos-facilities/HNC_TSC.md, after:

---
doc_type: facility_page
facility_category_codes:
  - "14129"
facility_cos_short_name: HNC
facility_functional_proponent: G3
facility_long_name: Training Support Center
facility_short_name: TSC
facility_technical_poc_email: marcus.j.searles@usace.army.mil
facility_technical_poc_name: Marcus Searles
cos_manager_name: Jerry Haley
cos_manager_email: jeremiah.r.haley@usace.army.mil
//file_library_root_path: "content/cos/hnc/tsc/Library/"
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
slug: /cos/hnc/tsc/
carousel_images:
  - /admin/images/uploads/TSC-BIM-Rendering.jpg
---

## Description

A TSC is used to fabricate, maintain, store, and issue training devices including Multiple Integrated Laser Engagement System (MILES); it also provides the administrative space for the training support division management staff. The standard design layout for the TSC facility includes primarily warehouse space for storage, issue and maintenance of training devices and components. The facility may include: warehousing space, shipping/receiving areas, device fabrication (woodworking and plastics), general item repair, general purpose administrative space, sensitive item storage (arms vaults) multi-purpose classrooms/work centers, break areas, and latrines.
This is a general purpose facility intended for use by installation Directorate of Plans and Training (DPT). The varying components for this facility will be: building occupancy requirements, regional soils and climatic conditions, facility structural considerations, HVAC systems, and the exterior architectural features. Therefore, the overall building design and configurations will vary as required to meet project specific requirements.

## Variations

No variations for this facility standard design.

## Library
For design documents and technical support, please contact the COS Manager listed above for more information.
