src/content/cos-facilities/HNC_ARF.md, before:

---
carousel_images:
  - /admin/images/uploads/ARF-Plan.jpg
facility_category_codes:
  - "17805"
facility_cos_short_name: HNC
facility_functional_proponent: G3
facility_long_name: Automated Record Fire Range
facility_short_name: ARF
facility_technical_poc_name: "Marcus Searles, Bob Hasse"
facility_technical_poc_email: marcus.j.searles@usace.army.mil
cos_manager_name: Jerry Haley
cos_manager_email: jeremiah.r.haley@usace.army.mil
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
file_library_root_path: content/cos/hnc/arf/Library/
slug: /cos/hnc/arf/
doc_type: facility_page
---

## Description

The ARF Range is used to train and familiarize soldiers on the skills necessary to identify, engage and defeat stationary infantry targets for day/night qualification requirements with the M16 & M4 rifles. The training conducted on this range could also be achieved on a modified record fire range. This range supports night fire operations and can also be used for automatic rifle practice.
The standard firing line is 320m long with sixteen 20m wide lanes. Each lane must have a fighting position and an adjacent position for the soldier to conduct prone firing. Firing positions should be on slightly elevated ground and designated with numbered markers. This range has 16 firing lanes; each lane is 20 meters wide by 300 meters long.
A single lane has seven fully automated stationary infantry targets: 2 at 50m, 1 at 100m, 1 at 150m, 1 at 200m, 1 at 250m, and 1 at 300m. Each target is equipped with night muzzle flash simulators that can be used at the determination of the trainer. All targets are fully automated and the event specific target scenario is computer driven and scored from the range operations center. The range operating system is fully capable of providing immediate performance feedback to the using participants.

## Variations

No variations for this facility standard design.

Commit message:

Removed “Library” documents for these  facilities

src/content/cos-facilities/HNC_ARF.md, after:

---
carousel_images:
  - /admin/images/uploads/ARF-Plan.jpg
facility_category_codes:
  - "17805"
facility_cos_short_name: HNC
facility_functional_proponent: G3
facility_long_name: Automated Record Fire Range
facility_short_name: ARF
facility_technical_poc_name: "Marcus Searles, Bob Hasse"
facility_technical_poc_email: marcus.j.searles@usace.army.mil
cos_manager_name: Jerry Haley
cos_manager_email: jeremiah.r.haley@usace.army.mil
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
//file_library_root_path: content/cos/hnc/arf/Library/
slug: /cos/hnc/arf/
doc_type: facility_page
---

## Description

The ARF Range is used to train and familiarize soldiers on the skills necessary to identify, engage and defeat stationary infantry targets for day/night qualification requirements with the M16 & M4 rifles. The training conducted on this range could also be achieved on a modified record fire range. This range supports night fire operations and can also be used for automatic rifle practice.
The standard firing line is 320m long with sixteen 20m wide lanes. Each lane must have a fighting position and an adjacent position for the soldier to conduct prone firing. Firing positions should be on slightly elevated ground and designated with numbered markers. This range has 16 firing lanes; each lane is 20 meters wide by 300 meters long.
A single lane has seven fully automated stationary infantry targets: 2 at 50m, 1 at 100m, 1 at 150m, 1 at 200m, 1 at 250m, and 1 at 300m. Each target is equipped with night muzzle flash simulators that can be used at the determination of the trainer. All targets are fully automated and the event specific target scenario is computer driven and scored from the range operations center. The range operating system is fully capable of providing immediate performance feedback to the using participants.

## Variations

No variations for this facility standard design.

## Library
For design documents and technical support, please contact the COS Manager listed above for more information.
