src/content/cos-facilities/LRL_JC.md, before:

---
doc_type: facility_page
facility_category_codes:
  - "61075"
facility_cos_short_name: LRL
facility_functional_proponent: HQDA OTJAG
facility_long_name: Judicial Center with Courtroom
facility_short_name: JC
facility_technical_poc_email: "Margaret.K.Thacher@usace.army.mil"
facility_technical_poc_name: "Margaret (Maggie) Thacher"
file_library_root_path: "content/cos/lrl/jc/Library/"
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
slug: /cos/lrl/jc/
carousel_images:
  - /admin/images/uploads/05-courtrm-facility-ft-bragg.jpg
  - /admin/images/uploads/04-courtroom-usag-humphreys-korea.jpg
  - /admin/images/uploads/01-bldg-21-renovation-ft-bliss-tx.jpg
  - /admin/images/uploads/06-courtrm-facility-ft-bragg-nc.jpg
  - /admin/images/uploads/02-bldg-21-renovation-ft-bliss-tx.jpg
  - /admin/images/uploads/Birds-Eye_3-3.jpg
  - /admin/images/uploads/03-court-bldg-usag-humphreys-korea.jpg
---

## Description

The Judicial Centers (JC) Army Standard Design defines the functional requirements for Planning, Design, and Construction of all Army JC facilities worldwide. Project facility includes six functional areas: Courtroom, Judge's Chambers, Staff/Administration Areas, Deliberation Suite, Support Areas, and Public Areas.

Co-location of a Judicial Center with functions and operations other than those of the Staff Judge Advocate (in accordance with AR 27-1, Legal Services) is prohibited.

Renovated facilities shall meet functional requirements for the Courtroom, Deliberation Room and Judges Chambers including all technology and access control point requirements contained herein.

## Variations

Below should be a table..

| Facility Type        | CATCD | SF     | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| -------------------- | ----- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Judicial Center (JC) | 61075 | 12,983 | Total Area provided for Judicial Center is 12,983 GSF in the Std Design as calculated in accordance with UFC 3-101-01. The Army Standard allows for a maximum 13,500 GSF for flexibility in structural systems, climate, and utility space over that shown in the Standard Design. |

Commit message:

Removed “Library” documents for these  facilities

src/content/cos-facilities/LRL_JC.md, after:

---
doc_type: facility_page
facility_category_codes:
  - "61075"
facility_cos_short_name: LRL
facility_functional_proponent: HQDA OTJAG
facility_long_name: Judicial Center with Courtroom
facility_short_name: JC
facility_technical_poc_email: "Margaret.K.Thacher@usace.army.mil"
facility_technical_poc_name: "Margaret (Maggie) Thacher"
//file_library_root_path: "content/cos/lrl/jc/Library/"
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
slug: /cos/lrl/jc/
carousel_images:
  - /admin/images/uploads/05-courtrm-facility-ft-bragg.jpg
  - /admin/images/uploads/04-courtroom-usag-humphreys-korea.jpg
  - /admin/images/uploads/01-bldg-21-renovation-ft-bliss-tx.jpg
  - /admin/images/uploads/06-courtrm-facility-ft-bragg-nc.jpg
  - /admin/images/uploads/02-bldg-21-renovation-ft-bliss-tx.jpg
  - /admin/images/uploads/Birds-Eye_3-3.jpg
  - /admin/images/uploads/03-court-bldg-usag-humphreys-korea.jpg
---

## Description

The Judicial Centers (JC) Army Standard Design defines the functional requirements for Planning, Design, and Construction of all Army JC facilities worldwide. Project facility includes six functional areas: Courtroom, Judge's Chambers, Staff/Administration Areas, Deliberation Suite, Support Areas, and Public Areas.

Co-location of a Judicial Center with functions and operations other than those of the Staff Judge Advocate (in accordance with AR 27-1, Legal Services) is prohibited.

Renovated facilities shall meet functional requirements for the Courtroom, Deliberation Room and Judges Chambers including all technology and access control point requirements contained herein.

## Variations

| Facility Type        | CATCD | SF     | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| -------------------- | ----- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Judicial Center (JC) | 61075 | 12,983 | Total Area provided for Judicial Center is 12,983 GSF in the Std Design as calculated in accordance with UFC 3-101-01. The Army Standard allows for a maximum 13,500 GSF for flexibility in structural systems, climate, and utility space over that shown in the Standard Design. |

## Library
For design documents and technical support, please contact the COS Manager listed above for more information.
