src/content/cos-facilities/NWO_REF.md, before:

---
doc_type: facility_page
facility_category_codes:
  - "73018"
facility_cos_short_name: NWO
facility_functional_proponent: OTC
facility_long_name: Religious Education Facility
facility_short_name: REF
facility_technical_poc_email: askelon.m.parker@usace.army.mil
facility_technical_poc_name: Askelon Parker
file_library_root_path: "content/cos/nwo/ref/Library/"
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
slug: /cos/nwo/ref/
carousel_images: []
---

## Description

This Army Standard for Religious Education Facilities (Category Code 73018) serves all Soldiers, their Family Members, retirees, DOD civilians, and other authorized personnel on a military garrison. This standard functions as part of a Chapel “functional unit”, which consists of a worship supporting component and a religious education supporting component that together supports the full slate of Chaplaincy programs. When the religious education supporting component is combined in a project with the worship supporting component, the set will be referred to as a Chapel Complex. Since the worship supporting component may be provided as a "stand-alone" project (and has a separate Category Code), it is addressed in a separate Army Standard for General Congregation Chapels.

## Variations

RF-EL Large Religious Education Facility

RF-EM Medium Religious Education Facililty

RF-ES Small Religious Education Facility

Commit message:

Removed “Library” documents for these  facilities

src/content/cos-facilities/NWO_REF.md, after:

---
doc_type: facility_page
facility_category_codes:
  - "73018"
facility_cos_short_name: NWO
facility_functional_proponent: OTC
facility_long_name: Religious Education Facility
facility_short_name: REF
facility_technical_poc_email: askelon.m.parker@usace.army.mil
facility_technical_poc_name: Askelon Parker
//file_library_root_path: "content/cos/nwo/ref/Library/"
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
slug: /cos/nwo/ref/
carousel_images: []
---

## Description

This Army Standard for Religious Education Facilities (Category Code 73018) serves all Soldiers, their Family Members, retirees, DOD civilians, and other authorized personnel on a military garrison. This standard functions as part of a Chapel “functional unit”, which consists of a worship supporting component and a religious education supporting component that together supports the full slate of Chaplaincy programs. When the religious education supporting component is combined in a project with the worship supporting component, the set will be referred to as a Chapel Complex. Since the worship supporting component may be provided as a "stand-alone" project (and has a separate Category Code), it is addressed in a separate Army Standard for General Congregation Chapels.

## Variations

RF-EL Large Religious Education Facility

RF-EM Medium Religious Education Facililty

RF-ES Small Religious Education Facility

## Library
For design documents and technical support, please contact the COS Manager listed above for more information.
