src/content/cos-facilities/NWO_IET.md, before:

---
doc_type: facility_page
facility_category_codes:
  - "73017"
facility_cos_short_name: NWO
facility_functional_proponent: OTC
facility_long_name: Initial Entry Training Chapels
facility_short_name: IET
facility_technical_poc_email: askelon.m.parker@usace.army.mil
facility_technical_poc_name: Askelon Parker
file_library_root_path: "content/cos/nwo/iet/Library/"
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
slug: /cos/nwo/iet/
carousel_images:
  - "/admin/images/uploads/chapel_clouds_1.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/chapel_clouds_2.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/chapel_vault_1.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/chapel_vault_2.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/cross_clouds.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/cross_vault.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/long_clouds.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/picture1.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/picture2.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/picture3.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/plan.jpg"
---

## Description

The IET Type Chapel Facility features a Worship Center (sanctuary) with regular seating for 1428 persons. The Worship Center can support a great range of worship and gathering activities and includes a raised platform for the pulpit, religious ceremonies and presentations. It also includes an integrated baptistery suite capable of accommodating multiple full-immersion baptisms. The Worship Center will be capable of high quality audio/visual presentations, which are an integral part of the contemporary worship experience.

Other key spaces include multi-purpose rooms for worship and military community use that include a range of sizes and features to support medium or large gatherings. Supporting systems include utility monitoring and control systems (UMCS), communications, information systems, utilities, emergency, fire protection, life safety, security systems, and site improvements. Accessibility, sustainability, anti-terrorism, and force protection measures are also included.

## Variations

There are no variations of this standard design.

Commit message:

Removed “Library” documents for these  facilities

src/content/cos-facilities/NWO_IET.md, after:

---
doc_type: facility_page
facility_category_codes:
  - "73017"
facility_cos_short_name: NWO
facility_functional_proponent: OTC
facility_long_name: Initial Entry Training Chapels
facility_short_name: IET
facility_technical_poc_email: askelon.m.parker@usace.army.mil
facility_technical_poc_name: Askelon Parker
//file_library_root_path: "content/cos/nwo/iet/Library/"
page_last_reviewed: 1 January 1970
slug: /cos/nwo/iet/
carousel_images:
  - "/admin/images/uploads/chapel_clouds_1.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/chapel_clouds_2.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/chapel_vault_1.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/chapel_vault_2.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/cross_clouds.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/cross_vault.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/long_clouds.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/picture1.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/picture2.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/picture3.jpg"
  - "/admin/images/uploads/plan.jpg"
---

## Description

The IET Type Chapel Facility features a Worship Center (sanctuary) with regular seating for 1428 persons. The Worship Center can support a great range of worship and gathering activities and includes a raised platform for the pulpit, religious ceremonies and presentations. It also includes an integrated baptistery suite capable of accommodating multiple full-immersion baptisms. The Worship Center will be capable of high quality audio/visual presentations, which are an integral part of the contemporary worship experience.

Other key spaces include multi-purpose rooms for worship and military community use that include a range of sizes and features to support medium or large gatherings. Supporting systems include utility monitoring and control systems (UMCS), communications, information systems, utilities, emergency, fire protection, life safety, security systems, and site improvements. Accessibility, sustainability, anti-terrorism, and force protection measures are also included.

## Variations

There are no variations of this standard design.

## Library
For design documents and technical support, please contact the COS Manager listed above for more information.
