src/content/generic-pages/PDRS Home.md, before:

---
title: Parametric Design Report System
doc_type: generic_page
slug: /pdrs/
file_library_root_path: content/PDRS/
---

<div>
  <div style="width: 128px; float: left; margin: 1em 2em 1em 0;">
    <a href="https://wizards.mrsi.erdc.dren.mil/"><img src="/admin/images/uploads/mbp-wizard-256x256.png" alt="PDRS Wizard application"/></a>
  </div>
</div>

## [FY25 Click here to start the new, browser-based PDRS Wizard](https://wizards.mrsi.erdc.dren.mil/).

To access the new PDRS Wizard you will need to create a Login.gov account and sign into the new Wizard. Once this step is complete, please contact [Rachel Phillips](mailto:rachel.m.phillips@usace.army.mil) or [Amanda Weinert](mailto:amanda.h.weinert@usace.army.mil) for any questions regarding the PDRS Wizard or Code 2 process.

## Policy and Guidance

[Army MILCON Code 2 Design Process and Procedures](https://rfpwizard.mrsi.erdc.dren.mil/MRSI/content/PDRS/Policy/FY25%20Guidance%20and%20Templates/1_Instructions%20for%20FY25%20Army%20MILCON%20Code%202.pdf) provides guidance, outlines the Code 2 process milestones and instructions for submitting PDR, 3086, and 35% Design Certification deliverables.

## Previous FY Projects

**Please note: For project(s) prior to FY25**, please go to the classic [PDRS Wizard](https://rfpwizard.mrsi.erdc.dren.mil/wizards/pdrsw/Client/WizardApplication.application). In order to log in to the classic PDRS Wizard application, you will still need to use a MRSI Wizard account just as before. If you do not have one and need to request a new MRSI account, please send an email to MRSI Support from the email address you wish to use as your account login (preferably a .mil or .gov address) and we will set one up for you.

## About

This tool was developed by ERDC-CERL for HQ USACE. If you have questions about the software or the website, please email the [MRSI support team](mailto:mrsi_support@usace.army.mil).

Commit message:

add pdr desktop reference and ssa docs

src/content/generic-pages/PDRS Home.md, after:

---
title: Parametric Design Report System
doc_type: generic_page
slug: /pdrs/
file_library_root_path: content/PDRS/
---

<div>
  <div style="width: 128px; float: left; margin: 1em 2em 1em 0;">
    <a href="https://wizards.mrsi.erdc.dren.mil/"><img src="/admin/images/uploads/mbp-wizard-256x256.png" alt="PDRS Wizard application"/></a>
  </div>
</div>

## [FY25 Click here to start the new, browser-based PDRS Wizard](https://wizards.mrsi.erdc.dren.mil/).

To access the new PDRS Wizard you will need to create a Login.gov account and sign into the new Wizard. Once this step is complete, please contact [Rachel M. Phillips](mailto:rachel.m.phillips@usace.army.mil) or [Amanda Weinert](mailto:amanda.h.weinert@usace.army.mil) for any questions regarding the PDRS Wizard or Code 2 process.

## Policy and Guidance

[Army MILCON Code 2 Design Process and Procedures](https://rfpwizard.mrsi.erdc.dren.mil/MRSI/content/PDRS/Policy/FY25%20Guidance%20and%20Templates/1_Instructions%20for%20FY25%20Army%20MILCON%20Code%202.pdf) provides guidance, outlines the Code 2 process milestones and instructions for submitting PDR, 3086, and 35% Design Certification deliverables.

The [PDR Desktop Reference](https://rfpwizard.mrsi.erdc.dren.mil/MRSI/content/PDRS/Policy/FY25%20Guidance%20and%20Templates/FY25%20PDR%20Desktop%20Reference.pdf) is being provided so PDTs have a print of the sections and instructions for completion of the PDR for use outside the PDRS Wizard application. This is to be used as a guide during meetings and to inform the PDT on the information that will be required to complete the PDR in the PDRS Wizard application.

## Previous FY Projects

**Please note: For project(s) prior to FY25**, please go to the classic [PDRS Wizard](https://rfpwizard.mrsi.erdc.dren.mil/wizards/pdrsw/Client/WizardApplication.application). In order to log in to the classic PDRS Wizard application, you will still need to use a MRSI Wizard account just as before. If you do not have one and need to request a new MRSI account, please send an email to MRSI Support from the email address you wish to use as your account login (preferably a .mil or .gov address) and we will set one up for you.

## About

This tool was developed by ERDC-CERL for HQ USACE. If you have questions about the software or the website, please email the [MRSI support team](mailto:mrsi_support@usace.army.mil).
