src/content/MRSI/faq.md, before:

---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
doc_type: generic_page
slug: /mrsi/faq
---

### What is the classification of the MRSI website and applications?
The MRSI sites are only approved to handle **unclassified** documents. Only content appropriate for public release should be posted.

### Do I need an account?
- MRSI website users do not need accounts to browse the content. All content on mrsi.erdc.dren.mil is released for public use to aid in the construction of Army facilities.

- Editors responsible for content on the MRSI website should contact the MRSI Support team to learn how to edit their content. This process has changed recently.

- MRSI Wizard users will need accounts to develop RFP or create PDR. Please contact our support team to request an account. Non-government users must provide a government point-of-contact and demonstrate a valid requirement for an account.

### What if the MRSI Wizard applications cannot be started or they lock up?
Our applications are delivered as Microsoft ClickOnce applications and install on your computer in a private sandbox for security.

#### Some Organizations block ClickOnce applications from running
You will usually get a message that says the application failed to run or open. There is probably a "Details" button that when clicked will open up a box with more information. Please click that, select all of the message text, and send that to us for confirmation.

- If you're on an Army network, such as one of the installations, this is probably the case.

- If you're on the USACE CorpsNet, they have added an exception to policy that allows our applications to run. If our application doesn't work for you, please contact our support team for assistance.

#### If you've successfully used our applications recently but are now having problems...
Sometimes the security sandbox becomes corrupted and needs cleared. No project data will be lost by clearing this cache, but you will
be required to download a fresh install of our application afterwards.

Steps to clear the ClickOnce cache.

_Note that this will clear **all** ClickOnce applications from your computer._ Unless you know specifically of other ClickOnce applications, this shouldn't be a problem.

1. Open a Command Prompt. Shortcut is hold down the Windows Key and type the letter "R". Then type "cmd" (no quotes) into the Run dialog that appears.

1. Type this command (less quotes) and hit enter: "rundll32 dfshim CleanOnlineAppCache"

1. Go to the Wizard application page and click the appropriate Wizard application to download and start it. It should run as expected now.

If this method doesn't work for you, please contact the MRSI support team for an alternative method that may be available to you.

### Please contact us if the above questions and answers don't answer your question.

Commit message:

Added missing file libraries to RFP wizards. Added note to use IE/Edge.

src/content/MRSI/faq.md, after:

---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
doc_type: generic_page
slug: /mrsi/faq
---

### What is the classification of the MRSI website and applications?
The MRSI sites are only approved to handle **unclassified** documents. Only content appropriate for public release should be posted.

### Do I need an account?
- MRSI website users do not need accounts to browse the content. All content on mrsi.erdc.dren.mil is released for public use to aid in the construction of Army facilities.

- Editors responsible for content on the MRSI website should contact the MRSI Support team to learn how to edit their content. This process has changed recently.

- MRSI Wizard users will need accounts to develop RFP or create PDR. Please contact our support team to request an account. Non-government users must provide a government point-of-contact and demonstrate a valid requirement for an account.

### What if the MRSI Wizard applications cannot be started or they lock up?
Our applications are delivered as Microsoft ClickOnce applications and install on your computer in a private sandbox for security.

#### Which web browser should I use?
While our website should be compatible with any modern web browser and Internet Explorer, our Wizard applications require that you use either Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer. We use Microsoft's ClickOnce technology for the deployment of our Wizard applications to your desktop.

Neither Chrome nor Firefox support this technology out-of-the-box. They do, however  have plugins/extensions available that enable this capability. *Note that you must have the ability to install plugins/extensions to use this option. Most government employees do not have the permissions required to do this.*

#### Some Organizations may block ClickOnce applications from executing
You will usually get a message that says the application failed to run or open. There is probably a "Details" button that when clicked will open up a box with more information. Please click that, select all of the message text, and send that to us for confirmation.

- If you're on an Army network, such as one of the installations, this is probably the case.

- If you're on the USACE CorpsNet, they have added an exception to policy that allows our applications to run. If our application doesn't work for you, please contact our support team for assistance.

#### If you've successfully used our applications recently but are now having problems...
Sometimes the security sandbox becomes corrupted and needs cleared. No project data will be lost by clearing this cache, but you will
be required to download a fresh install of our application afterwards.

Steps to clear the ClickOnce cache.

_Note that this will clear **all** ClickOnce applications from your computer._ Unless you know specifically of other ClickOnce applications, this shouldn't be a problem.

1. Open a Command Prompt. Shortcut is hold down the Windows Key and type the letter "R". Then type "cmd" (no quotes) into the Run dialog that appears.

1. Type this command (less quotes) and hit enter: "rundll32 dfshim CleanOnlineAppCache"

1. Go to the Wizard application page and click the appropriate Wizard application to download and start it. It should run as expected now.

If this method doesn't work for you, please contact the MRSI support team for an alternative method that may be available to you.

### Please contact us if the above questions and answers don't answer your question.
