src/content/cos-districts/Huntsville.md, before:

---
cos_long_name: Huntsville
cos_short_name: HNC
cos_manager_name: Chris Robbins
cos_manager_email: christopher.d.robbins@usace.army.mil
page_last_reviewed: 'Tuesday, May 30, 2023'
related_links:
  - caption: 'U.S. Army Engineering and Support Center, Huntsville'
    url: 'http://www.hnc.usace.army.mil/'
file_library_root_path: ''
slug: /cos/hnc/
doc_type: cos_page
---
The U.S. Army Engineering and Support Center, Huntsville, is known for the support it provides to Army-wide missions.

- - -

![HQ](/admin/images/uploads/picsart_1435267137321.jpg "HQ")


The U.S. Army Engineering and Support Center, Huntsville provides technical expertise and innovative engineering solutions in support of U.S. forces, their families and the nation. Huntsville’s more than 900 employees manage a $2.8 billion annual budget to support a very diverse global customer base that includes USACE divisions and districts, federal agencies and military installations worldwide. Huntsville Center was activated in October 1967 as the Huntsville Division with its sole mission being the Sentinel ballistic-missile defense program. Since that time, the center’s mission has evolved and diversified significantly to include installation support, energy, ordnance and explosives, chemical demilitarization, engineering, and environmental programs.

Huntsville Center is USACE’s mandatory center of expertise for the Army range and training lands program; electronic security systems; medical facilities; environmental and munitions; and utility monitoring and control systems. The center is also home to many technical centers of expertise: industrial control systems cyber security; energy savings performance contracting; facility systems safety; heating, ventilation and air conditioning; installation support; facilities reduction; facilities repair and renewal; centralized furnishings; and operation and maintenance engineering enhancement. In addition, Huntsville Center is assigned 16 centers of standardization facility types in the following categories: medical facilities; child and family services; sports and fitness facilities; fire and emergency facilities; and training ranges.

Commit message:

Changes to all of the HNC CoS pages per Chris Shepherd of HNC.

src/content/cos-districts/Huntsville.md, after:

---
cos_long_name: Huntsville
cos_short_name: HNC
cos_manager_name: Chris Shepherd
cos_manager_email: chris.a.shepherd@usace.army.mil
page_last_reviewed: 'Tuesday, May 30, 2023'
related_links:
  - caption: 'U.S. Army Engineering and Support Center, Huntsville'
    url: 'http://www.hnc.usace.army.mil/'
file_library_root_path: ''
slug: /cos/hnc/
doc_type: cos_page
---
<p>
  <strong>COS Financial Administrator: </strong><a href="mailto:christopher.d.robbins@usace.army.mil">Chris Robbins</a>
</p>
The U.S. Army Engineering and Support Center, Huntsville, is known for the support it provides to Army-wide missions.

- - -

![HQ](/admin/images/uploads/picsart_1435267137321.png "HQ")


Huntsville Center provides innovative engineering solutions to complex, global missions. Our team of more than 1,000 professionals in three locations — Huntsville, Alabama; Omaha, Nebraska; and Alexandria, Virginia — engineer adaptive, specialized solutions across a broad spectrum of global enterprise covering five main lines of effort: Energy, Operational Technology, Environmental, Medical, and Base Operations and Facilities. Our portfolios comprise more than 40 program areas, executing more than 3,000 projects annually, as well as eight mandatory and six technical centers of expertise, and 17 centers of standardization.

Huntsville Center is USACE’s mandatory center of expertise for the Army range and training lands program; electronic security systems; medical facilities; environmental and munitions; and utility monitoring and control systems. The center is also home to many technical centers of expertise: industrial control systems cyber security; energy savings performance contracting; facility systems safety; heating, ventilation, and air conditioning; installation support; facilities reduction; facilities repair and renewal; centralized furnishings; and operation and maintenance engineering enhancement. In addition, Huntsville Center is assigned 16 centers of standardization facility types in the following categories: medical facilities; child and family services; sports and fitness facilities; fire and emergency facilities; and training ranges.
